I do an air care from Shepard on motor
sports now whether you're riding your
dirt bike your ATV your quad or your
motorcycle down the highway nothing can
ruin your fun faster than a flat tire
one way you can cure your flat tire woes
is with slime tire sealant now what the
scientists over at slime have done is
they've developed a state-of-the-art
system of environmentally friendly fiber
seal technology that consists of micro
fibers that are carried by the escaping
air to the puncture where they build up
to form a long lasting plug that stops
air loss now the time slime tire sealant
can seal punctures up to a quarter inch
into bliss tires and an eighth inch in
two pairs now depending on what type of
tire or application it's used for slime
is good for preventing and or repairing
flats works repeatedly and lasts up to
two years when you install slime it
remains liquid inside the tire coating
the inside of the tire as it rotates and
then finds and seals the puncture can be
used to prevent prevent flat tires on
dirt bikes and ATVs as well as an
emergency repair for street motorcycles
it's available for tube and tubeless
applications and extremely easy to use
basically comes with a core remover for
your valve stem so when you get a flat
tire you remove the valve the core get
all the air out of there tire take this
tube put it on the nozzle hook then the
nozzle to your valve stem and then on
the back of the tube it has application
chart telling you how much fluid to
install depending on your tire of the
application once you get the fluid
installed move the tube put the core
back onto your valve stem air up the
tire and you can spin it around so that
evenly distributes across the inside of
the tire and it finds and seals that
puncture it's very easy to use like I
said great emergency roadside repair and
get you back to having fun on your dirt
bike ATV motorcycle whatever now as
always at Shepherd on Motorsports we
have our low price guarantee if you find
a lower advertised price from any
authorized us dealer collar you mouse
will match any verifiable price for more
information on this slime tire sealant
or a low price guarantee check us out at
chaparral that's racing calm your
destination for anything motor sports as
always thank you for watching and enjoy
your ride
you